Migrate content to codebase and change Sphinx theme to Furo (#61)
Stormbase/django-otp-webauthn: docs/getting_started/about_passkeys.rst

.. _about-passkeys:

About passkeys
==============

:term:`Passkeys <passkey>` are a more secure alternative to passwords. Passwords require users to remember and type in secret combinations of words, numbers, or characters. In contrast, passkeys are securely stored on a user's device and accessed through the device's biometric sensor, PIN, or pattern.

> A major risk associated with using passwords is that they're a **shared secret**, meaning the server also stores your password. If the server stores it insecurely and it gets leaked, your security is compromised. Passkeys remove this risk by ensuring that the server stores only the :term:`public key`. The stored public key is worthless without the corresponding :term:`private key` stored securely on your device.

Reviewer: **Issue:** per our own styleguide, avoid contactions

```suggestion
A major risk associated with using passwords is that they are a **shared secret**, meaning the server also stores your password. If the server stores it insecurely and it gets leaked, your security is compromised. Passkeys remove this risk by ensuring that the server stores only the :term:`public key`. The stored public key is worthless without the corresponding :term:`private key` stored securely on your device.
```
